---
id: 19
title: Death Valley in March 2015
date: 2015-04-11T19:08:24+00:00
author: scott
excerpt: Death Valley National Park
layout: post
guid: http://outsidecoffee.net/?p=19
permalink: /death-valley-2015/
map:
  - 'https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d1036169.4737354075!2d-117.61005890561358!3d36.482800017572764!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x80c74b7776ae8a47%3A0xccc9f07c7bf2b054!2sDeath+Valley+National+Park!5e1!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1488760538188'
image: /wp-content/uploads/2015/04/DSCF3379.jpg
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Death Valley
---
This was my third trip to Death Valley National Park. This was the second time that I have come here in the spring, which is right at the very cusp of the uncomfortable summer heat that the place is notorious for. While it was hot, it is the desert after all, it was not so unbearable that made you want to leave.

On this trip, my brother and I decided to change it up and seek out some new places and landmarks to visit in the park.
<h2>Drive through Baker</h2>
Rather than driving on Highway 395 and Owens Valley to get to Death Valley, we decided to going a different way through Baker and turning north into the southern entrance of the park. Honestly, I don’t think route was worth it, and at least you get to gaze at the Sierra Nevada on the 395 route.

[gallery link="file" ids="22"]
<h2>Badwater</h2>
The most famous landmark in the park sitting at –282 feet below sea level.

[gallery link="file" columns="5" ids="23,24,25,26,27"]
<h2>Texas Spring</h2>
This was the campground we selected, as we knew about it from a past visit. Furnace Creek is the only campsite that takes reservations, so any other place like Texas Spring will be first come, first serve. Texas Spring is nice because it is still in the middle of the park, yet has an opportunity (if you are lucky to get a spot) for shade.

[gallery link="file" columns="4" ids="28,29,30,31"]
<h2>Salt Creek</h2>
At our last visit, we met a Park Ranger who was way too enthusiastic about the pup fish. Finally, on this trip we got to see where the tiny little fish live in the park. Just a short dirt road takes you to this boardwalk trail at the creek.

[gallery link="file" ids="32,33,34"]
<h2>Dante’s View</h2>
Another famous landmark with a spectacular view of almost the entire valley. This is really great spot for sunsets.

[gallery link="file" columns="4" ids="35,36,37,38"]
<h2>Titus Canyon</h2>
A narrow canyon on the eastern side of Death Valley with high walls that provide ample shade, which was a nice way to adventure around and still stay cool. It just wide enough for one car, so there may be cars or motorcycles coming by at times.

[gallery link="file" columns="5" ids="39,40,41,42,43"]
<h3>Titus Canyon Hike Map</h3>
[sgpx gpx="/wp-content/uploads/gpx/Titus Canyon.gpx"]
<h2>Ubehebe Crater</h2>
A relatively new volcanic crater on the northern end of the valley. This is a great little stop on your way to Scotty’s Castle.

[gallery link="file" columns="5" ids="44,45,46,47,48"]
<h2>Scotty’s Castle</h2>
A desert mansion built by wealthy tycoon in the 1920s. The back story on this place is fascinating. This was a place that I have really wanted to go to and am happy to have had the chance now. The place is in the northern end of the park and is slightly higher in elevation, which is another great place to visit to beat the heat in the middle of the day.

[gallery link="file" columns="4" ids="49,50,51,52,53,54,55,56"]
<h2>Mesquite Springs Sand Dunes</h2>
The sand dunes near Stovepipe Wells.

[gallery link="file" columns="2" ids="57,58"]